README.md, before:

fortune-metal-fairy-tale
========================

Y'like fairy tales? Wonder how your fav Metal (sub-)genre Knight would behave?


LICENSE
=======
            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


DISCLAIMER
==========
Use this at your own risk. One does not simply rock into his Office. Hasardous content, may or may not be safe for work.

INSTALLATION
============
Just copy the files 'metal-fairy-tale' and 'metal-fairy-tale.dat' to '/usr/share/fortune'!
Thou shall then invoke the following command to bring some faerie to your terminal...

$ fortune metal-fairy-tale


CREDITS FOR C00KIES
===================
The contents of the fortune-mod files come from miscellaneous sources from all over the web, respectively:

The original thread written by Sean Tran, "A Young Person's Guide to Metal":
http://www.progarchives.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=23990

And lots of variants:
http://www.progarchives.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=33868

http://www.sevenstring.org/forum/general-music-discussion/22849-metal-styles-explained-through-dragon-princess-story-2.html

http://rateyourmusic.com/list/emperorsakis/how_would_any_type_of_metalhead_save_the_princess_from_the_dragon_

http://secondchance.lacoctelera.net/post/2010/06/16/metalheads-go-to-rescue

http://forum.softpedia.com/lofiversion/index.php/t53503.html

Commit message:

Ouh là là! Markdown-compliant README.md, and an up-to-date .dat file!

README.md, after:

# fortune-metal-fairy-tale

Y'like fairy tales? Wonder how your fav Metal (sub-)genre Knight would behave?


# LICENSE

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.

             DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

    0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


# DISCLAIMER

Use this at your own risk. One does not simply rock into his Office. Hasardous content, may or may not be safe for work.

# INSTALLATION & USAGE

Just copy the files 'metal-fairy-tale' and 'metal-fairy-tale.dat' to '/usr/share/fortune'!
Thou shall then invoke the following command to bring some faerie to your terminal...

`$ fortune metal-fairy-tale`

** Optional
If for any reason you want to regenerate the random access file (metal-fairy-tale.dat),
say to hav strings in a different order, just run `strfile` with the desired options:

`$ strfile [MY_OWN_EVIL_OPTIONS] metal-fairy-tale`


# CREDITS FOR C00KIES

The contents of the fortune-mod files come from miscellaneous sources from all over the web, respectively:

The original thread written by Sean Tran, "A Young Person's Guide to Metal":
* http://www.progarchives.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=23990

And lots of variants:
* http://www.progarchives.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=33868
* http://www.sevenstring.org/forum/general-music-discussion/22849-metal-styles-explained-through-dragon-princess-story-2.html
* http://rateyourmusic.com/list/emperorsakis/how_would_any_type_of_metalhead_save_the_princess_from_the_dragon_
* http://secondchance.lacoctelera.net/post/2010/06/16/metalheads-go-to-rescue
* http://forum.softpedia.com/lofiversion/index.php/t53503.html
